Use Stream over LightDB Stream (#485)
golioth/golioth-firmware-sdk: examples/zephyr/stream/README.md

# Golioth Stream service sample

## Overview

This Golioth Stream application demonstrates how to connect with Golioth

> and periodically send data to the Stream service. In this sample

Reviewer: Are we using "Stream" as a product name? Or just to describe a kind of data (i.e. "stream data")?

Reviewer 2: @sam-golioth just to describe a kind of data, so I think saying `Golioth data streaming application` here may be a bit easier to understand 👍🏻

> # Golioth Stream service sample

Reviewer 2: nitpick: I think leaving out "service" is fine here
```suggestion
# Golioth Stream sample
```

## Overview

This Golioth Stream application demonstrates how to connect with Golioth
and periodically send data to the Stream service. In this sample
temperature measurements will be displayed on the `/temp` Stream
path. For platforms that do not have a temperature sensor, a value is
generated from 20 up to 30.

> > :information-source: To receive Stream data, a Pipeline must be
> > configured using the Golioth Web Console. This example is configured
> > to work with the default Pipeline.

Reviewer 2: Was thinking about potentially removing the part about the default pipeline here and just putting the YAML for the pipeline directly in this README. That would be useful if you had previously deleted the default, or the default changes at some point in the future.
```suggestion
> :information-source: To receive Stream data, a Pipeline must be
> configured for the project on Golioth. This example is configured
> to work with the default Pipeline present for every project upon creation.
```
